Add CredSSP Error fix (#98)
Juniper/contrail-windows-docs: doc/Known_issues/CredSSP_error_bestiary.md

> # I get authentication error "CredSSP encryption Oracle remediation" when trying to RDP into a Windows machine from another Windows machine

Reviewer: MKDocs (documentation generator) uses the first line of a document as page title, leading to this (see the long page name in the panel on the left):

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9220158/48894984-4eadcd00-ee44-11e8-9b11-c83fa1f4a2c5.png)

Could you please transform this page to:

```
# Title
## I get authentication error ...
### Changing the options in the server itself
### Changing the options on the client
```

Author: ok

![CredSSP encryption Oracle remediation](CredSSPError.png)

> If you see the above error, please try the following two options:

Reviewer: Reading through the options, it's not clear to me whether I need to do one of them, or both of them? 

If it's the former, then

```suggestion
If you see the above error, please configure both the client and the server:
```

If it's the latter, then 

```suggestion
If you see the above error, please configure either the client or the server:
```

Author: ok

> If you see the above error, please try the following two options:

Reviewer 2: I would also add a link to the Microsoft KB article about this issue: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4093492/credssp-updates-for-cve-2018-0886-march-13-2018 and note that the following options are **workarounds**.

Microsoft's proposed solution is to update both server and the client. Namely, the KB4103723 update should be installed (noted in CVE description: https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/CVE-2018-0886)

Author: ok

> In this document the windows machine from where you are trying the RDP is called "client" and the

Reviewer: Maybe this sentence should be moved before the one above, so that there's no 'hanging' colon

Author: ok

> windows 2016 machine you are trying an RDP into is called a "server".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows 2016 machine you are trying an RDP into is called a "server".
```

Author: ok

## Changing the options in the server itself:

warning: Please note that this makes the server vulnerable.

This is the safer option as it does not make the client vulnerable.

> On the Server, please start Server Manager.Go to Local Server and click on Remote Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Server, please start Server Manager. Go to Local Server and click on Remote Desktop.
```

Author: ok

Make sure that the checkbox that says "allow connections only from computers running remote desktop with Network Level Authentication" is not checked.

> ![System Properties]( SystemProperties.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![System Properties](SystemProperties.png)
```

Author: ok

## Changing the options on the client:

Warning: Please note that this makes the client vulnerable.
On the client machine,

> 1.run gpedit.msc

Reviewer: Extra newlines need to be added between list points, otherwise they're all rendered in one line:

https://github.com/Juniper/contrail-windows-docs/blob/74a96feca350e2633967174013e21b36e4487a5d/doc/Known_issues/CredSSP_error_bestiary.md#changing-the-options-on-the-client

Reviewer: FYI Github has markdown preview if you press the "View file" button in the top right of a file:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9220158/48895447-620d6800-ee45-11e8-93e8-60e78af1ad2e.png)

Author: ok

# CredSSP errors bestiary

In this document the Windows machine from where you are trying the RDP is called "client" and the
Windows 2016 machine you are trying an RDP into is called a "server".

## I get authentication error "CredSSP encryption Oracle remediation" when trying to RDP into a Windows machine from another Windows machine

![CredSSP encryption Oracle remediation](CredSSPError.png)

If you see the above error, please configure either the client or the server.

### Changing the options in the server itself:

warning: Please note that this makes the server vulnerable.

This is the safer option as it does not make the client vulnerable.
On the Server, please start Server Manager. Go to Local Server and click on Remote Desktop.

> Make sure that the checkbox that says "allow connections only from computers running remote desktop with Network Level Authentication" is not checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the checkbox that says "allow connections only from computers running remote desktop with Network Level Authentication" is not checked.

```

Reviewer: We need to add newline, otherwise the image below is in-text.
